[KED-3023] Enable plugins to extend starter-aliases default list (#1592)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/extend_kedro/plugins.md

kedro to_json
```

> ## Extending Starters Template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Extend starter aliases
```

> You can extend `kedro starter list` and `kedro new` by introducing your own `cookiecutter` template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to extend the list of starter aliases built into Kedro. This means that a [custom Kedro starter](create_kedro_starters.md) can be used directly through the `starter` argument in `kedro new` rather than needing to explicitly provide the `template` and `directory` arguments. A custom starter alias behaves in the same way as an official Kedro starter alias and is also picked up by `kedro starter list`. 
```

Also would be good to link something on the "create kedro starters" page point to this new section. Maybe a `{note}` at the end saying you can add an alias by creating a plugin using `kedro.starters` entrypoint, linking to here.

You need to extend the starters by providing a list of  `KedroStarterSpec`, in this example it is defined in a file called `plugin.py`.

```python
starters = [
    KedroStarterSpec(
        alias="test_plugin_starter",

>         template_path="https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro-starters/",

Reviewer: Does this work? We have `git+https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro-starters.git` in the source code?

Edit: just tried it and it does!

Reviewer: Maybe we should be consistent about how we do it though. Probably URL to a git repo is a bit nicer than the `git+` address.

        directory="pandas-iris",
    )
]

> The `directory` argument is optional, it is useful when you have multiple templates like [kedro-starters](https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro-starters). If you only have one template, your top-level directory will be treated as the template. You can take the [pandas-iris](https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro-starters/tree/main/pandas-iris) example for reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `directory` argument is optional and should be used when you have multiple templates in one repository as for the [official kedro-starters](https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro-starters). If you only have one template, your top-level directory will be treated as the template. You can take the [pandas-iris](https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro-starters/tree/main/pandas-iris) example for reference.
```
